[ai gateway] add fallback info (#14657)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ai-gateway/configuration/fallbacks.md

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Fallbacks
weight: 2
---

# Provider and model fallbacks

Specify model or provider fallback with your [Universal endpoint](/ai-gateway/providers/universal/) to specify what to do if a request fails.

## Example

For example, you could set up a gateway endpoint that:
1. Sends a request to Workers AI Inference API.

> 2. If that request fails, it will proceed to OpenAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If that request fails, proceeds to OpenAI.
```
